c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x86\libcrypto-1_1.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x86\librdkafka.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x86\librdkafkacpp.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x86\libssl-1_1.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x86\msvcp140.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x86\vcruntime140.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x86\zlib1.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x86\zstd.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x64\libcrypto-1_1-x64.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x64\librdkafka.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x64\librdkafkacpp.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x64\libssl-1_1-x64.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x64\msvcp140.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x64\vcruntime140.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x64\zlib1.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\librdkafka\x64\zstd.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Confluent.Kafka.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Confluent.Kafka.xml
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\mahes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
